Update Offboarding Checklist (#1607)
cloud-gov/product: OffboardingChecklist.md

---

In order to complete [NAME]'s exit from the cloud.gov team, the assignee should complete a prescribed set of tasks that will remove any special access.

# Directions:

**Assignee:** The tasks below are organized by the role needed to complete them. If you can’t complete any of the items on your checklist personally, _you are responsible for ensuring that an appropriate person does it_.

For compliance we need to show that critical offboarding actions happen within 24 hours of departure; some actions below **need GitHub issues comments** when completed. Completing tasks _before_ departure is good. (control PS-4: personnel termination)

## [NAME]

- [ ] Initiate the process via the [Leaving TTS Handbook page](https://handbook.18f.gov/leaving-tts/)

## Assignee

> If the person offboarding is a contractor follow the steps in the [offboarding checklis](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u5GQ2i4u20x3r1ryXifWf99ZM_U6BPOu-rHaoFADZ6k/edit#gid=1078790596)t in addition to the following steps.

Reviewer: Missing a `t`:

```suggestion
If the person offboarding is a contractor follow the steps in the [offboarding checklist](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u5GQ2i4u20x3r1ryXifWf99ZM_U6BPOu-rHaoFADZ6k/edit#gid=1078790596)t in addition to the following steps below.
```

* [ ] remove their admin access from cg-django-uaa [docs](https://readthedocs.org/projects/cg-django-uaa/)

## System Owner (or person delegated by System Owner)

**The following steps must be conducted and documented within 24 hours of departure**:

- [ ] Exit interview: Discuss with departee the following _information security topics_:
- [ ] Exit interview with supervisor or contract account manager: Discuss with departee the following _information security topics_:
  - They are to remove any non-public cloud.gov data (e.g. keys, passwords, code, documents) from any non-GSA device
  - They are not to disclose any non-public cloud.gov technical practices without authorization from GSA
  - They will not access cloud.gov systems or services without authorization from GSA
  - If the System Owner cannot hold this discussion, they will communicate to GSA OHRM that the above topics need to be communicated to the leaving person.
- [ ] Remove them from the [cloud.gov Github organization](https://github.com/orgs/cloud-gov/people)
- [ ] Remove them from [the cloud.gov team Google Group](https://groups.google.com/a/gsa.gov/forum/?hl=en#!managemembers/cloud-gov/members/active)

> - [ ] Remove their agent access to Zendesk - [switch their role to "end user"](https://cloud-gov.zendesk.com/agent/admin/people)

Reviewer: This is in anticipation of Zendesk going away, right?  We still have it for now, so we still need to account for it in the interim.

Author: I think this was because the Tech Portfolio takes care of this for us? If that's not correct, happy to keep it!

Reviewer: Ah, you're right!  I just checked and I don't have access to modify, so we do rely on the Tech Portfolio to do this.  Thanks, @melanienleopold!  We're good here then. :-)
